README.md, before:

# THE HOTEL LOOP

## Intro

## Storyline

A young woman runs down a hotel corridor, her breath ragged. She reaches the end, bursts through the double doors—and finds herself back at the start of the same hallway. Panic sets in. The lights flicker red, and the corridor...

## Genres

<kbd style="background-color: #ef4444; color: white; padding: 4px 12px; border-radius: 12px; font-size: 0.85em; font-weight: 500; margin-right: 6px;">Horror</kbd>
<kbd style="background-color: #d946ef; color: white; padding: 4px 12px; border-radius: 12px; font-size: 0.85em; font-weight: 500;">Suspense</kbd>

## Video

View the video in the Story Foundation Portal:
https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311

## Photos

<div style="display: flex; gap: 16px; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 200px; max-width: 480px;">
    <img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeidqtbrzqe2svsgizfzt2mympzbi5z73qlcjqc73lxaxx7h2xigp4m" alt="Corridor" style="width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px;" />
    <p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Corridor</p>
  </div>
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 200px; max-width: 480px;">
    <img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeidfhalhzm5pygdnqtlctrks34exbgemcfo5yrsexzrtmzgdqxvtfm" alt="Doors" style="width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px;" />
    <p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Doors</p>
  </div>
</div>

## Cast

<img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeibpm5hrreytcpdakgevwnecgisonhcaczbtxrr4bjkyw7e4b2nvvm" alt="Veo Flores" style="max-width: 200px; width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px; display: block; margin: 0 auto;" />
<p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Veo Flores - AI generated with Veo and Flow</p>

## Director

**Ivan Molto** Full-stack Blockchain Engineer & Creator
I was part of the team behind the first real ringtones ever created and one of the builders of the viral hit _iBeer_ app. Check my [website](https://www.ivanmolto.com) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivanmolt)

## Production

Produced with [Flow](https://labs.google/flow/about) an AI-powered video creation platform for storytellers, offering tools for scene building, allowing users to generate cinematic clips, scenes, and cohesive narratives from text prompts. It acts as an integrated film making assistant, managing assets and prompts to streamline the creative process from ideation to final story.

[Veo 3.1 - Fast](https://aistudio.google.com/models/veo-3) is the AI video generation model used to generate the video. This model allows users to create high-quality, short videos from text prompts or reference images with native audio support and advanced creative controls.

Because AI video generators can be forgetful, maintaining consistency (such as keeping the same character) required using a technique called “Daisy Chaining” (also known as image-to-video chaining). This approach uses images and a master prompt as anchors.

I generated eight short videos, each 8 seconds long, in a linear sequence—using the final frame of each video as the starting point for the next, guided by the Master Prompt Anchor.

The prompt formula used was:

**Subject Action** + **Character Description** + **Environment** + **Master Prompt Anchor** + **Audio Style**

## License

View video asset and license at [Story Foundation Portal ](https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)

You can also click this link [https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311](https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)

Get more information on the [Story Explorer](https://explorer.story.foundation/ipa/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)

Commit message:

Add project description for horror video submission to README.md

README.md, after:

# THE HOTEL LOOP

## Intro

A 60+ second horror video submitted to the Generate Video Challenge (Horror Category) for the Surreal World Assets Buildathon by [Story Protocol](https://www.story.foundation/) at [Encode Club](https://www.encodeclub.com)

## Storyline

A young woman runs down a hotel corridor, her breath ragged. She reaches the end, bursts through the double doors—and finds herself back at the start of the same hallway. Panic sets in. The lights flicker red, and the corridor...

## Genres

<kbd style="background-color: #ef4444; color: white; padding: 4px 12px; border-radius: 12px; font-size: 0.85em; font-weight: 500; margin-right: 6px;">Horror</kbd>
<kbd style="background-color: #d946ef; color: white; padding: 4px 12px; border-radius: 12px; font-size: 0.85em; font-weight: 500;">Suspense</kbd>

## Video

View the video in the Story Foundation Portal:
https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311

## Photos

<div style="display: flex; gap: 16px; align-items: center; justify-content: center; flex-wrap: wrap;">
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 200px; max-width: 480px;">
    <img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeidqtbrzqe2svsgizfzt2mympzbi5z73qlcjqc73lxaxx7h2xigp4m" alt="Corridor" style="width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px;" />
    <p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Corridor</p>
  </div>
  <div style="flex: 1; min-width: 200px; max-width: 480px;">
    <img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeidfhalhzm5pygdnqtlctrks34exbgemcfo5yrsexzrtmzgdqxvtfm" alt="Doors" style="width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px;" />
    <p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Doors</p>
  </div>
</div>

## Cast

<img src="https://ivanmolto.mypinata.cloud/ipfs/bafybeibpm5hrreytcpdakgevwnecgisonhcaczbtxrr4bjkyw7e4b2nvvm" alt="Veo Flores" style="max-width: 200px; width: 100%; height: auto; border-radius: 8px; display: block; margin: 0 auto;" />
<p style="text-align: center; margin-top: 8px; font-size: 0.9em; color: #666;">Veo Flores - AI generated with Veo and Flow</p>

## Director

**Ivan Molto** Full-stack Blockchain Engineer & Creator
I was part of the team behind the first real ringtones ever created and one of the builders of the viral hit _iBeer_ app. Check my [website](https://www.ivanmolto.com) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivanmolt)

## Production

Produced with [Flow](https://labs.google/flow/about) an AI-powered video creation platform for storytellers, offering tools for scene building, allowing users to generate cinematic clips, scenes, and cohesive narratives from text prompts. It acts as an integrated film making assistant, managing assets and prompts to streamline the creative process from ideation to final story.

[Veo 3.1 - Fast](https://aistudio.google.com/models/veo-3) is the AI video generation model used to generate the video. This model allows users to create high-quality, short videos from text prompts or reference images with native audio support and advanced creative controls.

Because AI video generators can be forgetful, maintaining consistency (such as keeping the same character) required using a technique called “Daisy Chaining” (also known as image-to-video chaining). This approach uses images and a master prompt as anchors.

I generated eight short videos, each 8 seconds long, in a linear sequence—using the final frame of each video as the starting point for the next, guided by the Master Prompt Anchor.

The prompt formula used was:

**Subject Action** + **Character Description** + **Environment** + **Master Prompt Anchor** + **Audio Style**

## License

View video asset and license at [Story Foundation Portal ](https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)

You can also click this link [https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311](https://portal.story.foundation/assets/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)

Get more information on the [Story Explorer](https://explorer.story.foundation/ipa/0x6f98141a06D41f118Da04E873a1D86a0eb4db311)
